README.md, before:

# Programming Language Suggester

By _Kate Kiatsiri_

_A webpage that suggest new student for coding language base on thier answers from series of questions._

## Technologies used
  1. HTML
  2. CSS
  3. Bootstrap
  4. jQuery

## Description
_This is the 2nd perosnal project at Epicodus mainly using Javascript and jQuery making programming language suggestor. Creating a webpage (using Javascript , jQuery, HTML and CSS) for people who are interested in programming/Coding to help them decide which coding language they should learn first base on thier interests by asking series of questions about themselves and provides a language suggestion based on their answers._

## Set up/installation requirement
* Code editor required (such as Visual Studio Code) and Github account.
* Navigate this address https://github.com/keidsiri/Portfolio into your browser or 
<a href="https://github.com/keidsiri/Portfolio"> click here! </a>
* Clone this repository to your desktop.
* Navigate to the top of disrectory
* Connect to your Github repository
* Open files in VS code to view or edit
* Open file name _index.html_ in your browser to view this project.


## Known bugs
* _No known issues_

## License
MIT License _(https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)_

Copyright (c) 2021 Kate Kiatsiri

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

_If you have any questions please feel free to [Contact me](mailto:keidsiri@gmail.com)_

Commit message:

Finalize the README and put the website link on it

README.md, after:

# Programming Language Suggester

By _Kate Kiatsiri_

_A webpage that suggest new student for coding language base on thier answers from series of questions._

## Technologies used
  1. HTML
  2. CSS
  3. Bootstrap
  4. jQuery

## Description
_This is the 2nd perosnal project at Epicodus mainly using Javascript and jQuery making programming language suggestor. Creating a webpage (using Javascript , jQuery, HTML and CSS) for people who are interested in programming/Coding to help them decide which coding language they should learn first base on thier interests by asking series of questions about themselves and provides a language suggestion based on their answers.Please view my project at the website https://keidsiri.github.io/Programming-Language-Suggester. Try it out and find out which programming language is suit you_

## Set up/installation requirement
* Code editor required (such as Visual Studio Code) and Github account.
* Navigate this address https://github.com/keidsiri/Portfolio into your browser or 
<a href="https://github.com/keidsiri/Portfolio"> click here! </a>
* Clone this repository to your desktop.
* Navigate to the top of disrectory
* Connect to your Github repository
* Open files in VS code to view or edit
* Open file name _index.html_ in your browser to view this project.


## Known bugs
* _No known issues_

## License
MIT License _(https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)_

Copyright (c) 2021 Kate Kiatsiri

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

_If you have any questions please feel free to [Contact me](mailto:keidsiri@gmail.com)_
